Feature/7361 links replaced by G1ANT.Manual.Builder (#5)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon.Core: G1ANT.Addon.Core/Commands/MouseCommand.md

| Argument | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ------------- | ----------- |

> |`position`| [point](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Manual/blob/master/G1ANT-Language/Structures/point.md) | yes |  | Screen coordinates at which a mouse click will be performed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`position`| [point](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/PointStructure.md) | yes |  | Screen coordinates at which a mouse click will be performed |
```
